on this episode of what attack we
finally get to see someone else other
than three guys on chairs but wait who's
that girl why she dressed up and what is
she doing in a darkened room
find out why Lucas and Effy are fighting
each other to snap photos of her while I
hold a fan what the show that puts the
most popular mobile devices to us use
unconventional tests so you don't have
to join them and once again are two of
the most extreme packets in Malaysia we
have Lucas the net combined well guys
how you been doing so far not too bad
they sing what the tag well you know how
it goes
well happy beautiful second season oh
well Lucas you sort of came up with the
idea so why don't you take us through
what we're gonna see today and what
inspired it right so one of the possible
things that people want to look out for
our reviews with that but the ask for is
about a camera so we decided like to see
whether a DSLR could ever be replaced by
a waffle the question is can something
from 2012 it's something from 2006 it's
an analogy of can a current family car
bit an old sports car and you see the
difference
yeah which is pretty good in terms of
the camera wise and well because you
have sort of a hipsterish you know
vintage SLR and these are the tests
we're gonna put it true which is what we
here at for funds to do to test out
these new cameras so guys are you ready
Yeah right that's good right so we've
got the entire post or setup here with
full lighting to test out the cameras
between fps Nokia Lumia 920 and Lucas's
DSLR so we're just gonna check it out
later on right
realize that's less important is how
fast you can take a picture and compared
to this lr this phone can actually take
a lot of just due to the lack of we're
shot and also the fact that it takes
quite a while for poi to get in focus
and by the time you take that shot it's
already lost so if you want to take
action shots IP DSLR have the advantage
so what we're doing now is we're trying
to get a macro shot this one of those
that you know and you get food shops at
histogram macro shots are pretty good so
China Sea which micro shot is better now
as you can see right now Lucas have to
use a tripod to make everything chapeau
whereas on the foot we'll just have to
tap because it has a very good image
stabilizer so in terms of convenience
the the phone is still a lot more easier
to use data and all vintage dis along
the SLR is actually using a really long
shutter speed and the phone is it so
that is the difference between 2006
camera and 2012
early you can see that unlike the DSLR I
have to go really close to get a same
shot because I could actually use the
digital zoom if I want to but as you
already know when you use digital the
picture quality my gotta be pixelated so
now you can see I have to move around
and let Lucas you're gonna sit there
take all the shots in one while I have
to move around so to judge which
pictures were better we put the photos
up on a private Instagram account
without applying any photo filters and
asked various people from the
advertising industry to light which
picture they preferred these were the
results with the fast moving action
shots the majority liked the photo on
the right which was taken on a DSLR with
the close-up shots of accessories most
prefer the photo taken by the phone in
low-light conditions the photo on the
left took a token pose while for full
body shots the photo on the right got
most of the votes with the same results
for portrait shots
so we've taken our shots we've put an
actor but then well Lucas what did you
like and what didn't you like I'm using
vintage DSLR well camera is a camera its
sole purpose is to take pictures so it's
pretty good you got your manual settings
you can change mensis the image quality
is better when it comes down to it it's
a piece of 2006 hardware software versus
a traditional hardware software what do
you think I think is the picture quality
is quite close the picture on the DSR I
have more fidelity and sharpness but as
you can see Lucas have to use a tripod
to make sure that the images are very
stabilized whereas on the phone I just
have to click and the picture boots are
not okay and we also realize that the
the picture when I'm going to take it in
very low light condition it's very good
on the phone it's a lot easier to zoom
using a DSLR competin this one because
it's digital zoom and digital zoom will
never be as good as something consumed
and you have acceleration when you do
digital so wonderful but I'll consider
it sir is quite close I'm quite
surprises might close so what have we
learned for starters the Nokia Lumia 920
is great in low-light conditions and
taking macro shots the addition of an
image stabilizer enhances the picture
quality and furthermore it is
user-friendly convenient and portable
for a DSLR from 2006
it's burst mode is a great advantage
over the Lumia 920 and the optical zoom
makes it possible for better pictures to
be taken from a distance last but not
least the DSLR has a better dynamic
range how much the screen size really
matter just wants you the next time the
u.s. the Instagram or share photos
online get the new digi smart plan from
fifty eight hundred a month
it's about Internet calls and SMS all
you need in one plan
hello thanks for checking out our videos
feel free to share it with your family
and friends and subscribe to DG TV today
we hope you come back soon and please
give the video a little thumbs up thanks
you